for the first time ever on blu-ray
Disney's original musical classic The
Jungle Book I want to be like you
the timeless story of moe a boy left in
the wild
so you're the man-cub crazy Baloo the
bear that raised a nothin and nobody's
ever gonna come between us and the
friendship that lasted a lifetime
look all the bare necessities the simple
bare necessities now digitally restored
for the first time in high definition
the jungle has never looked this good
it's beautiful wait and your favorite
songs have never sounded better the bare
necessities of life will come to you I
like being a bear that's my boy Disney's
high-flying swinging singing adventure
The Jungle Book Diamond Edition for the
first time ever on Disney blu-ray man